hey double just do a 68 with another
review again none of the US game digimon
world gone i bought this off the more 45
quid from a guy at a stall who smell
like piss and guess how much it's worth
Oh chocolate is worth about five quid
all right and I don't even know if it's
pirated that to me probably can't tell
but that looks a bit kind of photocopied
ish I don't know the challenge is real
though because it's got intend on the
back and everything like that and the
stick is not photocopied I bought you 25
quid it's pretty much worth five quid
for me it's kind of Dragon Quest but
really shy so it's shy basic like the
look of it sorry probably give it about
six you know looks pretty good and sound
and kind of average happy dingy Digimon
stuff six again gameplay can like Dragon
Quest but the level up system is uh I
know it's deeper than steeper than I
thought it's kind of argue asst though
kind of repetitive and quite a bit of
grinding and there's no tutorial or
anything like that so I'd the results
are even instruction booklet or John the
gamefaqs guess which I chose je gamefaqs
told me everything I needed to know
about it so promised the game futz yay
but overall it's kind of an average
crappy game wouldn't really get a ugly
for joke however there is a good reason
to get it pick us here least in England
and CX will give you 17 quit trading for
this game so you know if you can find it
on the more or whatever or your little
brother decides to throw across the room
please
I don't know something if you can get
your hands on it for less than 17 quit
like I did for a fiver and it's not
copied in CX accept it then you have got
yourself there my son 17 quit training
which you know so basically you know
this is not a game to buy this is a it's
a CX coupon it's 17 Quincy XML just what
this is well 12 whatever so you actually
planning to you know do that so
replayability uneven now keep it it's
just a must when and around and you some
kid and it's not based on the TV show
which probably would have any more fun
it's a decent RPG if you're bored
shitless but if you've actually got you
know something good then you're never
gonna play it I played it a bit you know
I think I can't even remember I do it
for a joke you know it's no no it's just
averaging little suspect let's a few
things from other games kind of you
think but it's okay replayability I
don't know it seems quite long I haven't
done much and I've been on the uppity
about 10 hours or something and they're
going to never took it seriously so
really average 20 to 60 hour RPG length
I don't know there's an evil egged by
the way called Dark Void or dark ass or
Satan scrotum or something I don't know
anyway it's pretty much an average game
use it as a trade-in coupon is my review
of that game right take care of it